we gonna fishing today boy that's going
boys welcome back to the Nintendo Wii
today we're being real men and going out
on the lake just you me and our rods but
first just a heads up the slat u2's just
dropped on youtube.com this big guy
comes with an all-new design he's
sitting in his CEO chair sucking down
some Nick it's perfect
honestly I think it's the coolest
looking one u2's has ever made and if
you want to get your hands on this thing
be my guest
cuz all the money we raise is going
straight into my pockets last time we
sold to figure it sold out in no time so
go to youtube.com now to pick it up
thanks guys and enjoy so I purchased one
of these things which is the this is a
plastic holster for the official the
official Bass Pro Shops Wii game that's
about fishing and you know me I love
fishing I love a good day out no nagging
wife to get on your case about anything
and how you leave the toilet seat up
hell no you're gonna love this because I
didn't realize a trend was occurring
when I bought Wii Sports Resort and this
it came from the same guy I know this
because there is a blue post-it note
with a smiley that says enjoy on it in
cursive very very bad cursive like this
is second grade cursive and there's also
another British candy taped to the box
whisper again like I genuinely don't
know if I'm supposed to be scared or if
it's just the guy on eBay from Wyoming
has like a two year old kid who enjoys
telling people to enjoy themselves over
a nice game of we fishing either way I'm
gonna try the candy because why not it
would be rude if I didn't I don't know
how old this candy is it looks
prehistoric I mean let's not sugarcoat
it
no pun intended
it's chocolate I don't know what the
[__] I expected [__] it I'm here to fish
I'm not here to waste your time let's
get into the game let's bust it open
let's see what we can do
the game comes in this little package
nice nice it's all wrapped up no no
illness on it and the fishing rod comes
out like such and I'm assuming part of
this is what you put the the Wiimote
into and part of it is what you put the
nunchuck in it snaps in beautiful oh
okay and so this twists just twist the
nunchuck Oh beautiful beautiful and we
just have a foam tip I suppose that
serves absolutely no purpose but maybe
after the video turns off I can find my
own purpose for it and we've got another
wrist strap in case one wasn't enough
we've got two so I'm going to completely
latch myself into this we won't we
fishing rod people were getting very
upset when I didn't strap myself in last
time so I'm gonna strap myself in that
way I'll be a safe gamer come on baby oh
yeah
[Applause]
was that a guy opening a beard or was
that a was that a fishing reel was that
one of these this is making me even more
shaky than usual we've got all our mise
the gang's all here
flat who hasn't fished a day in his life
never even been out on the lake you got
Joe Rogan who is probably honestly he
probably fishes jugg coop famous member
of boyband BTS never fished a day in his
life
logan's star star stars start it not
sure if he's actually done anything in
his life
and we've got Pat famous rival of Matt
let's be real this guy doesn't look like
he can he can reel in a salmon he looks
like a bit of a pansy and Queen
Elizabeth maybe could have fished back
in back in the day before she became a
pile of dust but uh she's in no
condition to fish so we need to make him
new me he's gonna be a man no wife in
sight I mean let's be real here Queen
Elizabeth is not gonna go he's not even
gonna touch this game this guy's gonna
be tall he's gonna be a real man got a
bit of a belly to him probably
he's probably balding yeah I mean let's
be real yeah that's probably right black
hair that he dies because it's it's
actually gray you know some nice
friendly eyes nice friendly eyes maybe
they're a little too far apart in the
average human where are we to judge
that's how he fishes so well he can
watch multiple hooks at the same time
but you know he's happy you know why cuz
he's out on the lake he's out on the
lake with us with his kids with their
son that he just calls boy and he lets
him you know have a sip of Miller Lite
here and there it's perfect
he's probably got one of these this'll
be our guy and you know what in fact now
that I'm hearing that I really like it
we're just gonna call him guy that'll be
his name guy family meant for guy nope
this fishing rod is not making it easy
no no guy guy gue no guff you're gonna
be as wet as the lake he fishes from if
you if you walk within a 5-mile radius
of guy I'll put the we strap on dude
I've got two on I've got two don't you
don't lecture me about safety dude I'm
strapped
oh [__] oh my God look at that 3d it's
gonna be a good day out on the lake here
we go let's make a new game holy Sh Oh
what we don't use the meat that's
actually kind of upsetting I was hoping
to be able to use guy will conform we'll
make a new character he'll know there's
no women in sight rather be caught dead
than with a woman out here oh you know
what I'm gonna make jug coupe I'm gonna
make jug coupe we're gonna take him out
on the lake oh he's wearing the best pro
shops shirt that's exactly what joke
coupe would wear all right boy our boy
jug coupes ready to go I'm just looking
at fishing memes told my wife I wouldn't
go fishing for two days on February 30th
and 31st wow that one's really good Bass
Pro Shops and he lures and he lures of
the check crank bait jerk bait hmm the
jig my favorite bait how did they know
I'm just I just want to jump in with
what they give me start fishing
reputation zero out of 50 well we got to
pump that up dude
okay press forward on the Nunchuk we
press forward on the nunchuck stick
oh no I I no no no I mean [__]
cigarette its how how how how am I
supposed to [__] fish this came with
the game okay hold on maybe I could and
alit in the right time do a complete
stop stop stop the boat stop the boat
stop the boat no no no no stop the boat
stop the boat stop the boat there's no
[__] way to do it there's no [__]
way to stop the [__] boat
okay all right the boat stopped the boat
stopped this game design is incredible
okay so okay I'm fishing I'm really
doing it okay what is going on what's
going on I'm not doing anything is the
[__] boat moving like the [__]
boats moving I'm not I'm not doing
anything why he's just standing on the
top of it dead cast okay I [__] that
one up it's okay we all learn we all we
all make mistakes and the best of men
learn from them I cast it it's perfect
the perfect cast no wives in sight no
dumb broads to to talk to you about how
the marriage is falling apart and how
all you care about is going on - like
Amistad and fishing and how are you not
even good at fishing and how the [__]
baits just at the bottom of the at the
[__] bottom of the ocean floor and
nothing's ever gonna [__] bite it I'm
gonna say I'm gonna say I [__] hate
the game already
is this a game that like only people who
fish will intuitively understand how it
works not only not only is the way to
[__] get the bait back up is the B
button see the Wiimote is making a a
sound like it's being reeled back in and
this which is the button the [__]
real [__] in the control that the game
came
it drives the boat it drives the boat
well I wouldn't insure the boat I love
this I love it I love it it's beautiful
and it only goes to the right because
everything in this [__] world hates
lefties it just hates the direction I
can't do [__] in this world I'm if I get
the juices flowing
if I get the juices flowing I'll figure
out how to be able to [__] fish
around in circles oh it's all I do it's
all I [__] do it's all I do I just go
it feels like my it's a metaphor for my
life I want my son to be better a better
Fisher than I am I want my son to be
better fish than I am and and if he's
not I did something wrong you know if
he's not then I'm gonna beat him I'm
gonna beat my son if he's a bad
fisherman like me like his stupid
[__] dad who's in a boat right now
going to the right continuously still
zero reputation what can I do to raise
it what can I do to raise my reputation
the world needs more tackle boxes and
less X boxes how can I give the man who
made that meme of metal I'm gonna [__]
myself with this later that'll come in
handy at least I won't be a complete
nutter busted let me give it a shot with
with just my own two hands
no more controllers in sight that's
exactly what it what life should be
about I don't [__] believe it
are you [__] kidding me I'm not doing
[__] I'm not doing [__] and the boat is
still going to the [__] right I've
never been so disciplinary completely
utterly disappointed in a game the [__]
why is it upside down
I'm done I'm done with the game already
I'm sorry you know what I'm not done
what yet though fishing I haven't given
up on my dream to become the world's
best fisherman there's one game I know
we play baby
we [__] play let's get started boys
let's get started I'm not gonna let some
shitty ass game getting my way to become
the best Fisher in the planet guy guys
playing today there it is why can't I
play it like I play fishing why can't I
fish is it making me do all of them
alright hello and welcome to my old way
this is the old way it is free it's for
white the date and to end the time on
this are actually right and wow that's
depressing I'm actually playing the Wii
at 6:00 11:00 in the morning this is
what the life of fishing is done to me
ah it wants me to play with a meat
called muga alright let's see what else
I have apple da famous rapper from the
Black Eyed Peas these are the myse I
used to make let's use Apple D app let's
play as Apple fishing that's what it's
all about baby this is what you like to
see alright start fishing give me a bite
give me below yeah okay plain old fish I
guess that's nothing special right a
touchy fish don't get all Harvey
Weinstein with me one says it's one who
wants me to get a normal it's a big
Daddy fish give me a big ol bite buddy
give me a big old bite oh oh you're
[__] kidding give me something man
[__] all right I'll take it I'll take it
I'll take it disappointing a real
disappointing showing I'm not gonna lie
they call me hook line and sinker they
call me the fisherman they call me the
hook man because in in 1972 I brutally
assaulted two women with a hook I'm
awful at fishing dude I'm not gonna lie
a small fry I lose
you're kidding me [__] man you know what
no [__] it [__] it I'm putting it in the
I'm putting it in this this is what it
takes to make a good fisherman [__] you
I get oh my god what is that what is
that what is that I need it oh my hubris
I could have had the biggest fish in the
pond
yeah fight it fight it fight the line
like the line
give me a bike
[Music]